Changes in version 2.0-7
  o Many improvements in the C code, including removal of all global variables 
    thanks to Joshua Ulrich.
  o Thanks to Ralf Tautenhahn and Joshua Ulrich, a bug with bs=TRUE is removed.
  o Thanks to Dirk Eddelbuettel several bugs (some possibly causing segfaults)
    removed. 
  o Added DE/current-to-p-best/1 strategy.
  o Added ability to only print every "trace" iterations.
Changes in version 2.0-6
  o Added dataset documentation now required by R CMD check.
Changes in version 2.0-5
  o CITATION file modified, updated references. 
  o Removed check on length of parameter vector (it was left over from versions
    prior to 2.0-3, thanks to Jean-Luc Jannink.
Changes in version 2.0-4
  o added check to prevent the C code being called with NP<4, thanks to Joshua 
    Ulrich.  
  o fixed bug introduced in version 2.0-3 that made the objective function 
    values associated with the winning population members incorrect
  o added new options checkWinner and avWinner to the 'control' arguement. 

Changes in version 2.0-3
  o Re-write of much of the underlying C code.  Now dynamically allocate 
    storage, so can optimize on parameter vectors of arbitrary size, in a 
    population of arbitrary size.  Changed the documentation to reflect the
    new lack of limitations.    
  o Stop with an error right away if a NaN objective function value occurs.
  o Default value of CR changed to .9 from .5.     
  o Added reference and minor changes to documentation.   

Changes in version 2.0-2
  o The maximum number of parameters that can be optimized (set
    statically in de.h with #define MAXDIM) was changed from 20 to
    200.
  o zzz.R file removed and replaced with call to `useDynLib(DEoptim)' in 
    NAMESPACE
  o Brian Peterson pointed out problems occurring when the objective
    function returns a NaN value.  Error messages are now added to
    report when this happens. 
  o permute patched, see below.  Thanks to Hans Werner Borchers for pointing
    out that the problem was not fixed in the CRAN version. 

Changes in version 2.0-1
  o Soren Macbeth and Joshua Ulrich pointed out and patched bugs in the 
    function 'permute'.  Note that the version 2.0-1 on CRAN does not patch
    these bugs correctly.  The correction is made in the next version.

Changes in version 2.0-0
  o The R-based implementation of Differential Evolution has been
    replaced with a C-based implementation similar to the MS Visual C++
    v5.0 implementation accompanying the book `Differential Evolution -
    A Practical Approach to Global Optimization',downloaded from
    http://www.icsi.berkeley.edu/~storn/DeWin.zip.

    The new C implementation is significantly faster. 

  o The S3 method for plotting has been enhanced. It allows now to plot
    the intermediate populations if provided.

  o The package maintainer has been changed to Katharine Mullen,
    <katharine.mullen@nist.gov>.

  o A NAMESPACE has been added.

  o Argument FUN for DEoptim is now called fn for compatibility with optim.

  o demo file has been removed

  o CITATION file modified


Changes in version 1.3-3

  o CITATION file modified.


Changes in Version 1.3-2

  o CITATION file modified.


Changes in Version 1.3-1

  o new plotting argument 'storepop' which displays intermediate
    population locations.


Changes in Version 1.3-0

  o the function 'DEoptim' has two arguments: 'storepopfrom' and
    'storepopfreq', for tracking intermediate populations; the output
    contains also the list 'storepop' which belongs to the 'member'
    list's element.

  o small bug fixed for the number of iterations.


Changes in Version 1.2-1

  o fix a bug in the optimization procedure.

  o add a demo to show how to increase the number of printed digits
    while performing the optimization.


Changes in Version 1.2-0

  o the function 'DEoptim' has the new argument 'initial', which is an
    initial or starting population.  You can therefore introduce a
    starting population in the optimization procedure. This can be
    useful when the optimization has to be run many times on data sets
    which differ sligthly.

  o the function 'DEoptim' outputs now 'pop' in the 'member' list's
    element. This is the population obtained at the last iteration
    which can be used as a starting population in 'DEoptim' via the
    argument 'initial'.

  o the function stops if any 'NA' or 'NaN' value is returned by the
    function 'FUN' to be optimized.

  o the function DEoptim does not handle exponential crossover
    anymore. This is so to simplify and accelerate the optimization
    procedure.

  o the function 'DEoptim' outputs a list of lists. This is more
    natural and in the same spirit of usual optimization functions.

  o documentation for the 'digits'.